# Overview
This is _PRASANGA PAUDEL's_ MADA project repository.


Read the descriptions below to have a brief knowledge about how the folders are structured.


# Folder structure and content

* The `assets` folder contains static assets like manually generated schematics/diagrams, bibtex files, csl style files, PDFs of references, and other such content. These assets are not code-based and are not generated by code. Basically, we will add anything that's we want to be part of this repo but that doesn't fit into the other categories.

* All code goes into the `code` folder and subfolders. Currently, there are 3 sub-folders that do different parts of an analysis. The folders contain files that do some data cleaning and analysis to illustrate the overall setup and workflow. See the readme files in those folders for details.

* All data goes into the `data` folder and subfolders. Currently, there are 2 sub-folders that contain different versions of our dataset i.e. raw dataset and processed dataset.

* The `products` folder and its subfolders contains or will contain deliverables, such as manuscript/report, the supplement, slide decks, posters, Shiny web apps, etc. 

* The `results` folder contains automatically/code generated output. This includes figures, tables saved as serialized R data (`.Rds`) files, computed values and other outputs. All content in these folders are automatically generated by code.

* The `renv` folder will help  create and manage project related R libraries, save the state of these libraries to a lockfile, and later restore our library as required.

* There are multiple special files in the repo.
  * `readme.md`: this file contains instructions or details about the folder it
  is located in. You are reading the project-level `README.md` file right now. There is a `readme` in almost every folder.
  * `data-analysis-template.Rproj` is a file that tells RStudio that this is the main folder for a project. Rename if you want.
  * a few "hidden" files and folders (they start with a `.` and depending on how your OS is configured, you might not see them). Those are for R/RStudio and Git/GitHub and you can ignore them.

CODEBOOK:

The dataset contains a lot of variables (1400+), most of the variables are quite straight forward and self explanatory.

Current_health_expenditure_per_capita_current_US: Current health expenditure (per capita) in current US dollars
GDP_growth_annual_ : Annual GDP growth
Income_share_held_by_lowest_20: Income share held by lowest 20% of the population
Control_of_Corruption_Estimate: Estimate of corruption in the country. The score for the Control of Corruption Estimate ranges from approximately -2.5 to 2.5.
Life_expectancy_at_birth_total_years: life expectancy at birth is the average lifespan a newborn can be expected to live, assuming that age-specific mortality levels remain constant.
Unemployment_youth_total__of_total_labor_force_ages_1524_modeled_ILO_estimate: This indicator represents the share of the labor force ages 15-24 without work but available for and seeking employment.
Trade__of_GDP: This ratio is calculated by dividing the total value of a country's imports and exports by its gross domestic product (GDP) for the same period, usually expressed as a percentage.
Foreign_direct_investment_net_inflows_BoP_current_US: an indicator provided by the World Bank that measures the value of foreign direct investment received by a country in current US dollars
Access_to_electricity_rural__of_rural_population: This indicator measures the percentage of rural population with access to electricity.
Age_dependency_ratio__of_workingage_population:  the ratio of dependents (people younger than 15 or older than 64) to the working-age population (those ages 15-64)
